hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2004 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
the third Harry Potter film so let's get
started
the spoiler does require in part that
you've seen the previous films if you'd
like to see a spoiler for them please
check out the link in the cards the film
opens with Harry running away after a
magical altercation with his family and
eventually meets up with his friends and
learns of Sirius Black a convicted
murderer and a Death Eater or a servant
of all the more and that Sirius Black
has escaped from the brutal prison known
as Azkaban with the sole intent of
killing Harry as the gang are heading to
school aboard the Hogwarts Express they
encounter Dementors or spiritual beings
that feed off happiness and sort of as
guards to the prison as Caban the
Dementors are there searching for Sirius
one of the Dementors enters their
compartment which causes Harry to pass
out the new Defense Against the Dark
Arts teacher Professor Lupin repels the
Dementor with a Patronus charm once they
arrive at school
Dumbledore announces that the Dementors
will be guarding the school while Sirius
is still on the loose
Hagrid also announced that he will be
teaching the care of magical creatures
class however during his first class
Draco Malfoy provokes a Hippogriff named
Buckbeak which attacks Draco because of
his father's political position Buckbeak
gets sentenced to death
The Fat Lady's portrait which guards
Gryffindor's quarters is vandalized and
the fat lady tells Dumbledore that
Sirius Black has entered the castle
later during a Quidditch match
Dementors attack Harry causing him to
fall off his broom which is destroyed by
the school's whomping willow tree
because of these encounters Lupin
trained Harry to use the Patronus charm
to defend himself against Dementors and
it's haver near the school called hogs
knee where they serve drinks like
Butterbean here he learned that Sirius
Black had been his parents friend but
betrayed them and gave their location of
all d'amour Harry also learns that
Sirius is Harry's Godfather Harry Ron
and Hermione witness buck Pete's
execution and Ron's pet Scabbers bites
him and
scheme's Ron chases Scabbers but a large
dog stops him which drags Ron and
Scabbers into a secret hole at the base
of the whomping willow tree which leads
to the shrieking Shack
the trio discovered that the dog is
actually serious who is an amicus or
able to turn into a specific animal at
will
Lupin arrives in Greece serious as an
old friend
Lupin explains that he is actually a
werewolf explaining some of lupins odd
behavior throughout the year and that
serious is actually innocent Sirius was
falsely accused of betraying Harry's
parents and also for killing their
friend Peter Pettigrew it is revealed
that Scabbers is actually Pettigrew
hiding out for over a decade as a rat
and was actually the one who betrayed
James and Lily hot Lupin and Sirius
prepare to kill Pettigrew but Harry
convinces them to turn Pettigrew over to
the Dementors as they leave a full moon
rises and Lupin begins to transform into
a werewolf and Sirius tries to fight a
mock in his dog for Pettigrew is turned
back into Iraq and escapes serious and
Harry are attacked by Dementors
and in the distance they see a powerful
Petronas be cast which Harry believes is
from his dead father and the Harry
passes out Harry later awakens and
discovers that Sirius has been captured
and is sentenced to essentially death
via a Dementors kiss Harry discovers
that Hermione has a time term or a time
travel device and the two of them go
back to earlier in the evening they're
able to save the Hippogriff buck feed
and they see the other Harry and Sirius
be surrounded by Dementors it is
revealed that actually Harry is the one
who cast the Patronus rescuing himself
they then rescue Sirius who escapes from
the school on the back of Buckbeak
Lupin resign as he knows that parents
won't want a werewolf as a teacher
Sirius and Harry a new broom and Harry
takes it for a ride as the film ends so
that was the spoilers for Harry Potter
and the Prisoner of Azkaban if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]